Document GCC Quad-Precision Math Library support (#637)
kokkos/kokkos-core-wiki: docs/source/get-started/configuration-guide.rst

      * Whether to enable the LIBDL library
      * ``ON``
      *
    * * ``Kokkos_ENABLE_LIBQUADMATH``

>       * Whether to enable support for 128-bit floating-point types via the GCC Quad-Precision Math Library 

Author: ```suggestion
      * Whether to enable support for 128-bit floating-point types via GCC's Quad-Precision Math Library 
```
